README.md, before:

# Timber
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/naman14/Timber.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/naman14/Timber)

[WIP][BETA]-Material Design Music Player

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=naman14.timber&utm_source=global_co&utm_medium=prtnr&utm_content=Mar2515&utm_campaign=PartBadge&pcampaignid=MKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1"><img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png" height=50px/></a>  
[![Get it on F-Droid](https://guardianproject.info/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/logo-fdroid.png)](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=naman14.timber)

## Screenshots

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/naman14/Timber/master/graphics/Screenshot_2015-09-18-12-33-27.png)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/naman14/Timber/master/graphics/Screenshot_2015-08-05-14-23-03.png)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/naman14/Timber/master/graphics/Screenshot_2015-08-29-22-44-26.png)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/naman14/Timber/master/graphics/Screenshot_2015-08-31-11-50-50.png)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/naman14/Timber/master/graphics/Screenshot_2015-08-31-11-52-50.png)

## Contribute
### Translations

If there isn't any translations in your language go to the [res folder](https://github.com/naman14/Timber/blob/master/app/src/main/res/) and create a file named "values-XX/strings.xml" where XX is the target language's code. Copy and paste the content of the [English base file](https://github.com/naman14/Timber/blob/master/app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml) and remove all strings with "translatable=false" attribute. Translate all the keys and make a pull request.

If there is a translation in your language go to its folder in [res folder](https://github.com/naman14/Timber/blob/master/app/src/main/res/) and edit the strings.xml file. You'd like to update the translation with new keys by copying them from the [English base file](https://github.com/naman14/Timber/blob/master/app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml). Edit the file and make a pull request.

## Changelog

Changelog is available [here](https://github.com/naman14/Timber/blob/master/Changelog.md)

## Credits

* CyanogenMod's [Eleven Music Player](https://github.com/CyanogenMod/android_packages_apps_Eleven)
* [TimelyTextView](https://github.com/adnan-SM/TimelyTextView)
* [MultiViewPager](https://github.com/Pixplicity/MultiViewPager)
* [PlayPauseButton](https://github.com/recruit-lifestyle/PlayPauseButton)
* [CircularSeekBar](https://github.com/devadvance/circularseekbar)
* [Nammu](https://github.com/tajchert/Nammu)

#Donate
Paypal donation email-
namandwivedi14@gmail.com


## License

>(c) 2015 Naman Dwivedi 

>This is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. 

>This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. 

>You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this app. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

updated version and readme file

README.md, after:

# Zimmer
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/naman14/Timber.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/naman14/Timber)

Music Player for aficionados

## Changelog

Changelog is available [here](https://github.com/goonerDroid/Zimmy/blob/master/Changelog.md)

## Credits

* [Timber](https://github.com/naman14/Timber)
* CyanogenMod's [Eleven Music Player](https://github.com/CyanogenMod/android_packages_apps_Eleven)
* [TimelyTextView](https://github.com/adnan-SM/TimelyTextView)
* [MultiViewPager](https://github.com/Pixplicity/MultiViewPager)
* [PlayPauseButton](https://github.com/recruit-lifestyle/PlayPauseButton)
* [CircularSeekBar](https://github.com/devadvance/circularseekbar)
* [Nammu](https://github.com/tajchert/Nammu)

## License

>(c) 2017 William John

>This is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. 

>This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. 

>You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this app. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
